Define default URI template (#67)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip: draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip.md

Examples are shown below:

~~~

> https://example.org/masque/{target}/{ipproto}/

Reviewer: Can you also add the default template to the example?

Author: Oh whoops, I should have done it with this one

Author: ```suggestion
https://example.org/.well-known/masque/ip/{target}/{ipproto}/
```

* All template variables MUST be within the path or query components of the URI.

* The URI template MAY contain the two variables "target" and "ipproto" and MAY

>   contain other variables. If the "target" and "ipproto" variables are included
>   as path components, their values MUST NOT be empty, but instead use "\*" to
>   indicate wildcard or no-preference values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  contain other variables. If the "target" or "ipproto" variables are included,
  their values MUST NOT be empty. Clients can instead use "\*" to indicate
  wildcard or no-preference values, see {{scope}}..
```

>   wildcard or no-preference values, see {{scope}}..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  wildcard or no-preference values, see {{scope}}.
```

Template, the client MUST reject its configuration and abort the request without
sending it to the IP proxy.

As with CONNECT-UDP, some client configurations for CONNECT-IP proxies will only
allow the user to configure the proxy host and proxy port. Clients with such limitations
MAY attempt to access IP proxying capabilities using the default template, which is

> defined as: "https://$PROXY_HOST:$PROXY_PORT/.well-known/masque/udp/{target}/{ipproto}/",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined as: "https://$PROXY_HOST:$PROXY_PORT/.well-known/masque/ip/{target}/{ipproto}/",
```

: This document
{: spacing="compact"}

## Updates to masque Well-Known URI {#iana-uri}

This document will request IANA to update the entry for the "masque"
URI suffix in the "Well-Known URIs" registry maintained at
<[](https://www.iana.org/assignments/well-known-uris)>.

IANA is requested to update the "Reference" field to include this

> document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
document in addition to previous values from that field.
```

> IANA is request to add the following sentence to the "Related Information"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IANA is requested to add the following sentence to the "Related Information"
```
